Fix centre and square state and add rotation for rectangle selector (#20839)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/rotate_selector.rst

Rotating selectors
------------------

The `~matplotlib.widgets.RectangleSelector` and
`~matplotlib.widgets.EllipseSelector` can now be rotated. The rotation is

> enable and disable by pressing the 'r' key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enabled and disabled by pressing the 'r' key.
```

Author: Done.
